docs: update network documentation (#109)
fetchai/fetchd: docs/docs/networks.md

## Testnet v2: fetchhubtest

Fetchhubtest is our testnet v2, running similar versions than our production network. 

| Parameter      | Value                                                                                      |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Chain ID       | fetchhubtest-2                                                                             |
| Denomination   | atestfet                                                                                   |
| Decimals       | 18 (1testfet = 1000000000000000000atestfet)                                                |
| Version        | v0.7.x (fetchcli >= v0.7.2)                                                                |

> | RPC Endpoint   | https://rpc-fetchhubtest.t-v2-london-c.fetch-ai.com:443                                    |

Reviewer: Before we make this public it would be nice to sort out these URI's so we have `https://rpc-fetchhubtest.fetch.ai` etc.

I think that we should discuss this at the DevOps standup tomorrow

Author: done :)

| REST Endpoint  | https://rest-fetchhubtest.t-v2-london-c.fetch-ai.com:443                                   |
| Block Explorer | [https://explore-fetchhubtest.t-v2-london-c.fetch-ai.com/](https://explore-fetchhubtest.t-v2-london-c.fetch-ai.com/) |
| Token Faucet   | Use block explorer                                                                         |
| Seed Node(s)   | 06da15abb82328a2fa7ba8b69925cf3fa73f1970@connect-fetchhubtest.t-v2-london-c.fetch-ai.com:36756 |

# Upcomming networks

## Stargate testnet: stargateworld

A new network, updated with latest patches from the Cosmos ecosystem. It is **not compatible** with the current mainnet version.

> Note that `fetchcli` have disappeared. It's now merged into `fetchd`, for a single binary to either run a node or query the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that with this version `fetchcli` has been removed and it's functionality has been merged into `fetchd`. This means that with this version you will only need the single `fetchd` binary to either run a node or query the network.
```
